# Artificial Intelligence Important Documents
 AI technology is significant because it allows software to do human functions—understanding, reasoning, planning, communication, and perception—increasingly effectively, efficiently, and affordably.  AI may also be used to execute general analytical activities, such as spotting patterns in data, that have been carried out by software for many years more efficiently.  In the majority of commercial sectors and consumer applications, the automation of these skills opens up new prospects.  Autonomous cars, automated medical diagnosis, voice input for human-computer interface, intelligent agents, automated data synthesis, and improved decision-making are just a few of the notable new products, services, and talents made possible by AI.  Today, AI has a wide range of practical applications that are driving business revenue growth and cost reduction in established industries.  Applications will be particularly prevalent in industries including financial services, retail and trade, professional services, manufacturing, and healthcare where a significant amount of effort is spent gathering and synthesizing data. Transport-related applications of AI-powered computer vision will be especially important.  The number of use cases is growing as AI's potential is recognized. In eight different industries—asset management, healthcare, insurance, law & compliance, manufacturing, retail, transportation, and utilities—we outline 31 fundamental use cases.
